# random-games-and-apps
During the introductory JavaScript course, I made several random games and apps alone and with my curator. These apps are pretty simple, composed with HTML, CSS and JavaScript only. Nevertheless, they were good practice for me. I decided to create an index page with all this stuff and update it with my new creations.

The Quiz app was a good practice for me when I was learning JavaScript cycles and conditionals. The app is based on two small JavaScript files: one with all the mechanics and another with quiz questions; both files are linked into an HTML page which serves as an app starter. The user has options to answer or take money at every stage of the quiz. The app checks users’ answers according to the quiz questions database and built-in rules of answer expectations: the app can process all the incorrect inputs and say what’s wrong.

The Snake app was one of the most complex things that we wrote during the first months of education. In this game, you control a small snake that moves on a field built with HTML and CSS and eats food. From time to time, poisoned food is also spawning. The more good food you eat, the longer your snake becomes. Users can lose if they hit the snake tail, walls or eat poisoned food. The logic behind this game is quite complex: with every user input, the game reads the game field’s classes and compares them to food classes, walls coordinates and snake body classes. The process of the snake re-rendering depends on the current class attributes and position of the snake.

The Gallery app is a small neat tool that users can build into any other website or app. It is a lightweight CSS and JavaScript carousel photo gallery with images preview and a large expandable section for the full view. Users can easily tweak the app for more images or images with other aspect ratios. In the current version, the gallery app supports square pictures set in a three-column grid.
